add safePromiseAll fn (#259)
idearium/idearium-lib: docusaurus/docs/safe-promise-all.md

---
id: safe-promise-all
title: '@idearium/safe-promise-all'
---

> Makes working with promises safer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Makes working with `Promise.allSettled` easier.
```

## Installation

```shell
$ yarn add -E @idearium/safe-promise-all
```

### Beta installation

If you need to install a beta version, you can:

```shell
$ yarn add -E @idearium/safe-promise-all@beta
```

## Usage

### safePromiseAll

To use `safePromiseAll`, require it from `@idearium/safe-promise-all`.

```js
const safePromiseAll = require('@idearium/safe-promise-all');
```

> This will take an array of promises and always use `resolve` to return a result in the format `[errs, results]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`safePromiseAll` will take an array of promises and return a result in the format `[errors, results]`. The result will always contain all promises passed to it. as it waits until all promises have settled before it returns.
```
